<h1>Dispersion Table Algorithms in C</h1><p>This repository contains C solutions for algorithm problems involving dispersion tables. The solutions are written using CLion and implement the technique of chaining. The repository includes solutions for a variety of problems that involve dispersion tables.</p><h2>Problem 5</h2><h3>Problem Description</h3><p>Given <code>n</code> words consisting only of lowercase letters, store these words in a dispersion table implemented with the chaining technique. The dispersion function is composed of the following:</p><ul><li>Dispersion code: <code>f1(word) = sum of the ASCII codes of the characters in the word (sum of the ASCII codes divided by the number of letters in the word) %n</code>.</li><li>Dispersion function <code>f2(a) = a mod m</code>, where <code>m</code> is the size of the dispersion table.</li></ul><p>Thus, the index of the location where a word will be inserted or searched in the table is <code>index = f2(f1(word))</code>. Print the contents of the dispersion table for the insertion of the following <code>n=10</code> words:
<code>mar</code>, <code>var</code>, <code>lup</code>, <code>mop</code>, <code>dop</code>, <code>urs</code>, <code>cuc</code>, <code>laborator</code>, <code>date</code>, <code>structura</code>.
Use <code>m=7</code>.</p><h3>Solution</h3><p>The C solution for the problem can be found in the ex5 folder in <code>main.c</code> file. The solution uses the chaining technique to implement the dispersion table. The main function reads the <code>n</code> words from the standard input and inserts them into the dispersion table. The contents of the dispersion table are then printed.</p><p>To run the solution, open the ex5 and then <code>main.c</code> file in CLion and run the code.</p><h2>License</h2><p>This repository is licensed under the MIT License. See the <code>LICENSE</code> file for details.</p><h2>Acknowledgments</h2><ul><li>This solution was developed as part of an algorithm course.</li></ul>
